feat: implement auto approval with pre-receive hooks (#954)
finos/git-proxy: docs/pre-receive.md

Reviewer: Can we find a suitable home for this in the `website/docs` folder? This corresponds to [git-proxy.finos.org](https://git-proxy.finos.org) 👍

# Pre-Receive Hook Documentation

## Overview

> The `pre-receive` hook is a critical component of the Git Proxy system. It is executed before changes are accepted into a repository. This hook allows for custom logic to validate or reject incoming changes based on specific criteria, ensuring that only valid and authorized changes are pushed to the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pre-receive` hook is a critical component of the GitProxy system. It is executed before changes are accepted into a repository. This hook allows for custom logic to validate or reject incoming changes based on specific criteria, ensuring that only valid and authorized changes are pushed to the repository.
```
